some of you guys might be able to tell
where I am from this things and I'm
sitting and then I'm so dizzy right now
gotta catch you up on what husband going
on my last few blocks have been from
South by Southwest in Austin Texas it
was the most epic time and like looks
super fun nobody's house by Southwest
I am hair starting up today - are you
getting turned
is defined and capture Matthew Veronica
I will link all the stars per symbol oh
but here's the thing I rescheduled my
flight to stay longer right a blizzard a
blizzard supposedly supposedly hit in
New York City suppose it says oh oh
supposedly president my client got
canceled I was on the phone with the
travel agent every single day leading up
to Wednesday these lovely humans have
let me crash because I've been stuck in
Austin so you might recognize this dude
I went on the Mashable trip well what
can't you use what size or skiing and
surfing in the same exact day
Instagrammer Sawyer actually no
interline go in yes exactly a persecutor
yeah and yes Angelique was in the novel
in Toronto and then Riya thank you for
letting me crash of all people yes thank
you oh yes so all these people links
will be in the description below you'll
have fun in Austin first it was
reschedule my flight for Tuesday perfect
that got him then I was like I have to
get back to New York before I get on
another flight Thursday there was no
direct slice going into New York space
was like ah I'm introduced I got this
got a flight to Washington DC got an
Amtrak ticket
anything into Penn Station so that was
the plan and then the wizard didn't hit
I was like right all right all right
there has to be a plane going into New
York City removed another ticket got in
Wednesday night around 7:00 8:00 p.m.
slid on the near City for a total of ten
hours but I was able to see the
aftermath of the crazy blizzard got on
another plane after 10 hours to New York
City and now I am here but where is here
[Music]
we're in Los Angeles land is allowed
that's the first time that I've ever
been
well not the first time I've ever been
in your hood but at your place right not
too much affection all right yeah of
course
it's perfect perfect weather here this
morning we woke up we got to work so
much hard work was done this morning you
ready for this girl get it done all
right good girl yeah Oh God
enjoy place is so cool look at look at
it he lives in a place with stairs I'm
walking upstairs right now a lot you say
and I hope you make me anxious I know
maybe one cup of coffee the perfect
right I think once I go beyond one cup I
just like yeah going on that I feel like
I'm having out of politics thank you
literally tripping various drugs on the
coffee a battery you know I got a tweet
with a link to this video that someone
made and I watched about the first 10
seconds I was like hold on this is
freaking weird and awesome so I need to
wait until I can properly watch it and
react to it at the same time
are you saying it's awesome being so
light or it is just weird I think that's
what we're going to find out reaction
videos of the things I'll link your
channel I'll link the video like we're
good we're gonna assembly watch it was
something else official very end is
another so yeah it's a DJ I'm a bit out
of control in love with Sara D cheese
ready and the hearts dollars yes he
wants to go I went
EJ is because now the graduating are you
okay hmm going to fight matrix question
you know you're ready to play a little
bit so mission okay why is that supreme
you ready Chris to wait in my hand did
Madison you on your boarding to get back
to staying on our RBI slide immunity no
do not do it Oh
I think this is like popping we drink
court yeah I think we're like visual
real we're going to watch this actually
my tuning and am what and in the plug
ankle Thank You politic and I really
hope that you enjoy interest of motion
your budget it has been so fun to
complete this book maybe were
challenging some leather has been booked
a report on the best promise asylum in
experience a bunch of coming to the
exterminator birthdays and only exciting
a little people about you focus and we
hope you guys see something like first
of all that was kind of amazing
you should go hit that smash that like
button on their video subscribe to the
channel
that was like tricky to you're getting
the incentive to make money part right
here you got all right here we go
part two is the DJI maverick first John
Hill that would be perfect okay they did
that they orbited me I'm cow that's the
only way honestly I feel very tricky
right I know are we were drugged look
you might be on drugs it's just it's
where the entire set was built for that
it was a miniature everything with
miniature built for of that video stuff
that I am like soul famous maybe we
should do what they did for h3h3 the
concern attention config get h3h3
subscribers
beautiful beautiful day in California so
few things that I've been it's been kind
of under wraps I haven't been able to
share us you guys yet I'm going to Cuba
I am here in Los Angeles California for
a few days and then I am road tripping
up to San Francisco right after that I
go back to New York for about like
twelve hours the same the same amount of
time I was in between Austin and LA and
then I head to Cuba
I'm still thinking through how I'm going
to share that trip I think it would be a
really cool experience to kind of hone
in on an idea or hone in on something
that I can expand on in a proper like 20
to 30 minute documentary I think that
would be really cool and my country is
going through some crazy stuff right now
and I know there's a lot of good behind
it and there's also this perspective
that maybe some of the tourism and you
know them opening up the borders is
going to maybe bring some bad things so
it'd be really cool to highlight that in
in a certain way so let me know if you
have any any ideas and what you guys
want to see from Cuba if there's any
questions that you have that maybe I can
provide a perspective on free mobile
humans who have been posting to
Instagram with the hashtag hustle and
why we have been seeing the amazing post
and we are going to pick the winners for
that competition Wednesday of next week
if you have no idea what I'm talking
about I will link the video up there and
he's on watch and see how you can enter
a couple weeks ago I really poured into
these creative live streams and they did
not work out like like I intended them
to but I am going to be you know
bringing back some cool creative content
in the form of kind of like that
creative lives where I'm doing
interviews and stuff but it's in a more
kind of exciting way that I think is
going to be more engaging and I think
you're really going to enjoy it so I'm
going to have a new episode of that out
next week and then you know a lot of you
guys are kind of always asking about
see what's the next step for set only
there is a super bright future for a
docu-series around you know the process
of creatives and and I'm working very
hard to make that happen and take that
to the next level that is probably off
of my youtube channel so just because
I'm not talking about it doesn't mean
that things things aren't in the works
I'm you know always having the exciting
meetings and exciting emails but you
don't you don't want to hear about
things that might be happening you want
to hear about things that are happening
okay where I'm at right now it's this
weird transitional period of youdo be
creative residency is almost over and I
am I'm making things happen but it's
also a lot of behind-the-scenes things
and yeah it's kind of weird when you
can't share certain things on the camera
so right now I'm just balancing
something I'm sure you guys are very
familiar with no matter what you do for
a living it's kind of pursuing what
you're in right now at the moment trying
to still kill it at that but then also
looking to the future and planning ahead
and pursuing opportunity and it's very
very overwhelming when you are when
you're just pouring so much of yourself
into both of those things and so yeah I
might seem like a crazy person over the
next month but I'm being a crazy person
with you guys and it's fun to have you
along for the journey through remember
I'm posting or I'm trying to post every
single weekday at 8 p.m. Eastern
Standard Time I'm not perfect it won't
always be perfect so make sure to hit
that subscribe button if you have not
yet and you know you could also hit that
bell but like notification button I
don't know if I'm getting too crazy for
you guys but some exciting stuff is
coming up we'll make sure that you're
here for it I'll see you guys on Monday
remember say BG okay bye
you